fortson lock have played few pots
together and obviously Phil's got more
chips but look at the other stats here
Phil total aggression wow do you
shortest shorts eighty percent and look
at lock sixty-three percent and that's
that's when he talks so much and talks I
played tight i play tight i play tight
he can step up his total aggression and
that's steal attempts that's when it's
folded around to you and you make a
raise either in the cut off the button
or the small blind Schwartz a lot right
he's right he's really stealing a lot of
pots I would like to thank all of you
right now for I had to be a asked none
of you to whack me out of the gate I'm
can take the hits now and I have a
cushion if you need to win big pots now
I can handle an out before I wasn't
mentally or what I was just like a wreck
there's no question Phillip vanessa
rousso can come out of this with six
points yeah right she's gonna had a
remarkable result consider she can last
one more position she's gonna get six
points and you know she's considering
what she's been through today that would
be amazing that's this is not a betting
polls just a switching chips that didn't
hurt so bad Schwartz lock they are not
gonna be happy with six points Oh
small blind big blind raise the 42,000
Oh Luke Bubblegum Schwartz and Phil
heads up hopefully not cherry bomber
blog about the plant him well King seven
for a lock what's Luke got ooh you're
playing without your shades on how long
you have heart you have heart yeah I
want to do this I like it bug hey I'm
positioning them it's concert big
already 84,000 oh my gosh why is he
going broke here laughs top but know
what call quick call audio that means by
quad Kings very careful kid looking look
he's Aten this can he get away from this
and how well I mean he has a lot of
chips he doesn't have to go broke and
let's go up to luck might not play it to
break him you know I mean right it's not
so big already
I mean good luck just a check check
check check that flowed him here with
nothing well I lock checked right behind
her wow that's strong so now Luke has to
value bet it and feel Luck's gonna raise
him a hundred thousand what's in the pot
he's spread it and locks played this was
because of what happened that other hand
right with the three sevens right yep he
lost Luke on the turn and now hopes to
get him on the river I 11 16 the foot so
he's falling for it box trapped him
she have any instincts oh god I mean how
is her lock running oh my god I mean he
against Kings he flopped a set of eights
against queens he flops a full house he
flopped the Queen's dead I mean I got a
Queen's kids seven off against two
queens of lapa who thought the guy dad
he fluffed him dead now Luke might bet
aight i don't even know what he'll bet
he might bet 80,000 until I'm all-in so
so just flopped the house on me twice so
certain hey knows it it's not like I
vases or anything even though i do I
thought stickers it's just too stupid
when I got 37 first that raised all in
he knows doesn't he well I mean he'd do
what I mean I look I mean Phil just
moved in so quickly they're just too
sick I mean look Phil Laak what I mean
would never try to bluff here he has to
have it like one hundred percent of the
time and he knows it had to be a house
because he wouldn't have checked three
kings is that what I may have had a
hundred and forty thousand to 160,000 he
has to have it how do you not shafts
Evans pretty flock yeah are you just
checking behind the time with King a
Seward
hang out of spades keep it up
ah it's pretty good hand to reader this
is amazing is he get away from this here
well I mean it's just not like you to
expect me to fall for this much more as
a it's just too sick yeah oh he asked to
fold he has to make the tough later I
mean I saw there is to it Wow when I
fold how much to show this is too sick
but ATK on the river instead of one
thought well so don't yeah I don't like
that bad I mean I I taught 80 or 90 was
just much better I mean and then maybe
only raise you 80 or 90 maybe you have
to call that but you're still in there
he's fun he's not happy about it there's
no way in a million years we're good
enough to block this it's just too sir
yes I won't be here switched yes
remind me of myself a little bit that
way $200 show me now the only for he
realized he's so much did you lose my
race between 70 and I places just
doesn't make any sense lots of house
drop to set drops a house what's a set
of here he could be helmet he could be
you wait a minute did there is a year
she and helmet much was a little that's
not what's going to fit then the life of
phil laak off from full house and
Kingstone off